core: add s5cmd binary to operator image (#9130)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object.md

The access key and secret key can be retrieved as described in the section above on [client connections](#client-connections) or
below in the section [creating a user](#create-a-user) if you are not creating the buckets with an `ObjectBucketClaim`.

### Configure s5cmd

> To test the `CephObjectStore` we will configure the `s5cmd` tool into the toolbox pod. `s5cmd` is

Reviewer: nit: no need for the second sentence if we change the first one?
```suggestion
To test the `CephObjectStore`, set the object store credentials in the toolbox pod for the `s5cmd` tool.
```
